Hey guys welcome back.
It's that we've pretty much completed our evaluation functions.
It's time to actually do something with those hours because at the moment we create areas if their input
is invalid.
But we don't actually do anything with it yet.
So now going actually output this to the user so they can correct their mistakes.
So what we want to do in registered up HP we will be outputting the error messages next to their respective
field.
For example if the first name has a problem with the output the error message by the first name field
so we get to create a function in a count of HP is a real small function.
And all this wonk's is going to do is check to see if we have any errors.
So underneath the register function we can just create in of the function.
Good public is going to be look because we're going to call this from out of our class.
So a Public Function get error and this is going to take a parameter which is just going to be the anthraces
to look for in the error.
So you can just pull this error if you like.
And like I said real simple all this focus is going to do is check the error rate in this class to see
if that error message we pass in exists.
You'll see.
I mean now so we can say if not remember the exclamation point not in the score array.
So in underscore array and inside there put error because this is what's going to look for the array
it's going to look for in is this error array like that and what the enery function does is it just
checks to see if the given parameter exists in this array.
So we're checking to see if error exists in error.
And if it doesn't because this is not Remember So if it doesn't we can just change the error to an empty
string.
So researching something.
So we might pass into this and maybe we pass in this.
This current base is passed into the array like that then looking for this.
And if it doesn't find it it will set this to just an empty string.
And you see why now the very last line of this rule is going to do return in a similar fashion so span
class equals error message like that close are spun off and then put closing spanton on there are now
and should be a slash at the front of that.
So this is what your closing tag looks like.
And inside of that span tag which is good but our error string.
So just put error like that and that's it.
So now here we have to use single quotes because of way early inside of a string.
If we use doublecross there it will end the string.
See how this is outside of the string now.
So if you're using quotes within string you of course have to use single quotes.
And so that and that should be it for that function.
So all this is checked to see.
The area we pass in is in the array.
And then reassemble.
Just go back to read stoppage B class and this is where we output the messages if there are any.
So above the label tag pre-package P blocks remember call X mph be code by Echo account which is the
variable we created up here so I can count arrow get error by that K which is the function we just created.
But if you mean we need to add a parameter to this so we're going to check for a certain error message.
This is for the user names are going to get to a where you did the username validation here and validate
username and this is their error messages will be pushing into the array.
If there's an error with the user name so just copy that and paste that in there like that.
Let's see that work before we go and put the others in there let's go see if that works.
So this error message is send the user they must move to 5 125 characters so we're going to go and submit
this form now with our username which is less than 5 characters and we should see in our message.
So I use an agent a letter to fill all this in.
I now fill this in now.
Put a password in there and click sign up and we should hopefully see an error message.
Whose names were between 5 and 25 characters obviously revellers style this yet so ignore the fact they
have his on the same line when we style this will look nice in.
But for now this is good.
This is what I want to get going.
If I were if I refreshes page the message goes away of course.
So that's we know it works now it's just a case of going through and putting those in for everything
else.
So just copy where I've done that and how here is do we have the first name so first name and last name
we only have one error message that can possibly be up.
So put that in there.
Put that in there we go and many to change these error messages now so for the first name the message
is like this.
So Copy that.
And paste it here.
Like that and the last name.
Like that.
A storm there.
NATO these neat.
You need to check for the exact same message.
So if for example I changed this for some reason I changed it to 26 characters and I forget to change
it here.
It's still going we're looking for the 25 character their message so it won't find it.
So you need to make sure that this matches the one you have that you're checking for.
So this needs to match that.
Exactly.
Once we get this work in our show a better way of doing this and what we'll do is we'll store these
strings somewhere and we'll just call a reference to a string so we'll only have this string stored
in one place in it in a separate file.
And it means that if we have a change if we were to go and change over us they were well out for an
hour show then.
In the coming videos.
But for now just do it like this.
And remember these need to be exactly the same.
They need to match what you have here.
So that's a username first name and last name.
Does let's do the same for e-mail.
Thank you email.
We have two of them and we will eventually have three because we have things to do here but for now
we have two error messages possible.
So paste one page two and then the first woman check and four is your emails don't match.
Paste that in there.
The second one is email is invalid.
Okay and then password we have three.
So I'll copy paste both of those.
And we're not going to the addresses by that confirm email because we only do have it next to one we
don't need them by both of them.
So above password is put those email sent We knew a third one so copy and paste one more and then changed
them into the password error messages sent from the password validation function and copy those.
Copy this one to and then finally copy this one and then that is it.
We are done so now when you submit your form.
If there are any errors within me just say this.
You will see if we don't correctly.
Some some nice error messages.
So let's go put up a username.
It's too long this time.
I think 25 cats it has got to have 25 characters.
Our first name that's less than Deum our characters and same with email.
I'll put an email that passes the validation of the text field I talked about but without the dot com
I do the same here.
In fact I will make sure they match a password.
Is going to be a bunch of question marks because it shouldn't lay in case of not an alphanumeric character.
Actually I make sure they match as well.
One two three four five six seven one two three four five six seven.
Okay.
So let's see what we get so used MASC between 5 and 25 characters because we had one letter in there.
Same for that last name.
Same for that e-mail is invalid because it did we didn't have to dot com all over the place were counting
numbers or letters because I had a password that only had question marks.
Okay so let's put something else in there.
That is phil. he's in our do a valid email but I'll make it.
I make it so they don't match.
It's their.
So they don't match search should Pretty's a different area now.
And now do passwords that don't match that you only contain alphanumeric characters.
So sign up.
See emails don't match and passwords don't match and so they're That's where our checks are working
so the next thing we should probably do is you know how when you submit this form when your values go
away we can make it so remember that the value you had never fauzi works title out again.
So I think that would be a good thing to do next.